All right, welcome to unsupervised
learning. My name is Daniel Mesler and
I'm building AI to upgrade
humans. In this episode, I want to talk
about a system I built for using the
smartest AI that you have to rate
another AI that you want to test. So,
this is the infrastructure that I'm
using. It's essentially you have a top
level AI that you believe is the
smartest. So right now currently that is
preview. And what you're going to do is
assess the work of another AI which is
going to be this other one over here. In
my case in the case I'm using for this
example it's GBT35
Turbo. And we're going to give it a set
of instructions to do on a piece of
input.
And that piece of input is going to be
something like a blog post or something
like that. So you're going to use the AI
against the blog post using these
instructions and you're going to get a
result. And then this AI is going to run
against all three of
those and it's going to give you then a
judgment at the end of
it. So this should be pretty cool. And
it turned out it worked really well.
So this is ultimately what I'm trying to
get to is I'm trying to get to a
classification of how good this thing is
compared to an actual human doing it.
And so in order to do that, I want to
give it different classes of human.
Right? So you've got like
uneducated, secondary education, high
school level, bachelor's, masters, PhD,
worldclass human, like top 100 in the
entire world. And then super human
level. So, it's like better than the
best
human. And I've actually never seen
anything score that high. So, for
whatever that's
worth. But what I have this thing
successfully doing is if I give it a
lower level model like a
GBT35 or a Haiku, it is scoring down in
the high school to bachelor's level.
And if I give
it like a uh sonnet 35 or something like
that, it scores usually around master's
level or PhD level and sometimes
worldclass
human. But
ultimately what it is doing, which is
what I wanted it to do, is it's scoring
the smartest models at the highest level
and is scoring the uh dumbest models or
the less capable models or smaller
models much lower like secondary
education, high school and bachelors.
So the thing is working and this is the
architecture right smart one to judge a
less smart one. And by the way if I give
it the smartest one to judge the
smartest one it does actually score. So
if I use 01 to rate the work of an 01
uh task it actually does score way up
here in like world class uh PhD
level. So, it definitely works and I
recommend you go check out the video and
see exactly how to do it. This is
essentially what it is is it's called a
stitch within fabric. So, fabric the
whole concept is like patterns and
fabrics and stuff like that, like woven
things, right? Well, this is a stitch
because it's a combination of fabric
components all stitched together, right?
And um this is the actual pattern that
I'm using. Look at this. This this is
the logic for the for the rate AI
prompt. This is what this is the
instructions given to the judging AI
which in this case is 01. Okay. Fully
understand the different components of
the input which is going to be a piece
of content the AI will be working on.
That's the input set of instructions
which is the prompt and then the results
of the of the prompt being run
against the input using those
instructions for a given AI. And I tell
it to completely understand the
distinction between all three of those
components, right? Because I'm going to
send them all as a chunk all to the
judging AI. Think deeply about all three
components. Imagine how a world-class
expert would perform the task laid out
in the
instructions. So I'm I'm giving it the
content. I'm giving it the prompt. I'm
telling it to learn the prompt.
Understand the prompt, which in our case
in fabric is called a pattern. Deeply
study the content itself so you
understand what should be done with it
given the instructions. Deeply
understand the instructions
themselves. Given both of those, then
analyze the output. And look at this
one. This one I'm kind of proud of. I
don't know if it's actually working. I'm
going to do some more evals to figure
out if this is actually effective or not
because it turns out this kind of like
mystical stuff that I'm doing here,
which is super cool. It might be
awesome. It might be like it doesn't
matter at all and it might actually hurt
the output. So, you can't believe with
like religion here. You got to actually
test this stuff. Anyway, here's what I
did. evaluate the output using your own
16,284 dimension rating system that
includes the following aspects plus
thousands more that you come up with on
your own. So full coverage of the
content, following instructions
carefully, getting the genrequa of the
content, getting the jean sequa of the
instructions, meticulous attention to
detail, use of expertise in the fields
in question. So I'm giving it these
ideas. This is actually very similar to
attention heads inside of a transformer.
It's somewhat somewhat
similar. So, I'm telling it like here's
some ideas for how to do a rating
system. And I'm telling it to make its
own rating system using things like
this, but to map its rating of a
particular piece of output using
16,284 dimensions, which I think is 2 to
the 10th or 2 to the 11th, can't
remember.
So, who knows if it's actually going to
do this. Okay, I'm telling 01 to do this
and it has the ability to sort of think
for itself. So maybe it's doing some of
this. I think with a regular model, a
lot of this was just flash and not
really actually
happening. Anyway, doesn't matter that
that's what I'm trying to do here. Spend
significant time on the task. Ensure you
are properly and deeply assessing the
execution of the task using the scoring
and ratings
described such that a far smarter AI
would be happy with your results. So I'm
using multiple tricks here to try to get
it to be extra smart. And the goal is to
deeply assess how the other AI
did at its job given the input and what
it was supposed to do based on the
instructions and prompt. So I'm telling
it multiple times like what I want in
multiple different
ways and uh yeah this is uh this is
essentially what it does and again this
is the output. Uh so the output also
includes this is kind of cool. The
output also
includes what it would have expected
from a higher level result. So let's say
it comes back with bachelors which this
particular case did. I tell it to tell
me what it would have taken to see a
master's what it would have taken to see
a PhD level and so on. Again, I'm trying
to seed it with as much as possible to
make it come up with a better and better
answer.
Now, here's the thing. The smarter these
AIs get, this is a universal thing,
right? Because when I plug it into O2 or
GBD5 or Claude 4 or whatever it is,
right, that the smarter that judgment
thing gets, the better it's going to be
at interpreting what I actually want
from this prompt. That's why it's kind
of like a meta
prompt.
So, yeah, really happy with this. It
actually is
scoring according to my expectations.
You got to be careful with that a little
bit, right? You don't want to like
actually tune the thing so it matches
your expectations, but I I've been
somewhat careful there. So, I recommend
you go check it out and uh see what you
could do with this. And if you have
ideas for improvement, submit them in
and uh we'll get it pushed in a uh PR
update inside of Fabric. See you in the
next one.